# Shopify GraphQL API

### Getting started

run `node app` to start the server via the Express App

navigate to http://localhost:4000/graphql to interact with the GraphiQL interface

The database is already pre-populated with instances of every object, feel free to query on it. Note: queries are case-sensitive.

### About

This API supports the full CRUD operations, and is build using GraphQL.
The documentation of the GraphQL schema is in the `schema.graphql` [file](schema/schema.graphql), alternatively you can view a more visually appealing html page generated by [graphdoc](https://github.com/2fd/graphdoc) in the `docs/schema/index.html` [here](doc/schema/index.html).

In the `server/sketches` folder, I've provided a few sketches for my stack and the ER diagram of the entities I'm modelling.
[This diagram](sketches/stack.png) describe the full backend stack: GraphQL server on Node.js using Express, hooked up to a MongoDB instance hosted on the mLab database. I also provided an [ER diagram](sketches/ER-diagram.png) I've sketched out to better help me understand the schema that I'll be building.



### Others
Although not required, I decided to play around creating a **very** simple front end React app using Apollo to connect GraphQL to react.
This step is **not** complete at all, and I mainly decided to try it to understand how GraphQL work in the full stack flow as this is my first time working with GraphQL.
I decided to leave it in the project, just to show my work, but hopefully this won't be judged as a part of the challenge.


